talk about Monty and glamrock freddy from game five nights at freddy's security breach and five nights at freddy's security breach fury's..
how? why glamrock freddy'seyesred mean trying kills gregory???
I've seemed what happened to Montgomery gator (Monty) Chica did told failed Monty before. Monty have problems why because of Glitchtrap andVanny.
someone who did told robotics wanted go hunting jumpscare kills people humans and gregory too. what go on there closed freddy Fazbear's mega pizzaplex? 
Glamrock Freddy himself cannot helping gregory. Glitchtrap knows. 
Monty angry at gregory? Glitchtrap needed help Monty must kills gregory and people, guard too. 
vanny herself fixed Monty's Body turned evil with eyes black, red and purple. told Monty wanted go get gregory or Monty will fighting with glamrock freddy. 
Glitchtrap always watching robotics wild. same marionette. 
"freddy'smurders"?? no freddy Fazbear did not killed all them five kids dead. Bonnie knows. 
this says "i don't want them to hurt you just want to scape with you." "attack me i am gregory I'm going to help you i wanna. want tohelp you get out of here."
Monty went somewhere meet vanny and Glitchtrap. Glitchtrap did told Monty... wantedmakenew big robot namedmusic spider man.
vanny against fixed glamrock freddy go back turned evil with eyes black and red then go hunting jumpscare kill gregory. Vanny wanted glamrock freddy kills gregory or he'll hold for you vanny. they'll come back here then vanny kill gregory. 
That's why because glamrock freddyhelpedVanny. 
all robotics work with vanny and Glitchtrap too. some marionette too. 
Mr. Glitchtrap this robotics not yours. vanny herself. 
don't make me wrong. I'm talking about we can happens to Monty and glamrock freddy and others. 
i know there who are them. I've seemed what wrong with Monty and glamrock freddy. 
wait..were you say that "Ness"? knew it. people who work job with robotics and freddy Fazbear's mega pizzaplex and others different thing like that. 
last night my dreamed I saw glamrock freddy walked near me and glamrock freddy sit down with me... he's Beast named glamrock freddy.  yes true! i saw them but I can't tell you that keep my secret. I've my write notebook and art draw comics. 
same Monty. Monty new work job... Monty did good same glamrock freddy, glamrock chica and Roxanne too. 
secrets Monty'shouse. sameothers.
when I woke up freddy Fazbear staring at me. freddy Fazbear's bedroom. i feeling freddy Fazbear's ar and hands hold me looks like huge. he'swarm same Bonnie VR. 
that's  all. 
#fazbearentainemnt #fnafsecuritybreach #fnafspoilers #freddyfazbearmegapizzaplex #illumix #specialdeliver #montygomerygatorfnaf #fazbearentainemnt #theory #scottgames #fnaf #horror #fnafvr #fnaff 
